feat: add Bearer auth support in accept.json (#249)
snyk/broker: README.npm.md

}
```

> For bearer base auth (e.g: BitBucket Server PAT), this would be provided like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bearer based auth (e.g: BitBucket Server personal access tokens), this would be provided like so:
```

> For bearer base auth (e.g: BitBucket Server PAT), this would be provided like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For bearer based auth (e.g: BitBucket Server Personal Access Token), this would be provided like so:
```

```json
{
  "private": [
    {
      "method": "GET",
      "path": "/myself",
      "origin": "https://${HOST}",
      "auth": {
        "scheme": "bearer",
        "bearer": "${BEARER}"
      }
    },
  ],
  "public": [
    {
      "method": "any",
      "path": "/*"
    }
  ]

> }

Reviewer: This isn't really relevant to this change because it's copying what's already there, but it's weird that we list the `public` block in each of these examples..

Author: tbh this is a copy paste as u said... don't even know what's the diff between public and private.. or don't remember if i was told in the past :) but i'll just leave it as is and leave it up to ur team to update the docs as needed :)
